The front entrance of the grand hotel was a flurry of activity as it came into view through the front windshield. The asphalt of the street gave way to a concrete entry apron, which then merged into a large ring of kobblestone-esque pavers leading into, through, and eventually out of, the large covered drop-off and pick-up area.  Here, hotel staff, cabbies, guests, and security personal moved about the task of moving guests safely into and out of the human antfarm of a building.  Human farm...?   A travel weary mother sat across the isle of the modified econovan, her son of around four leaning against her body.  She was maybe thirty years old, if that.  The travel wearyness not withstanding, she was pleasant in her interactions with her son if less then exuberant.    Occasionally during the 34 minutes it took to get from the airport to the hotel, he would notice the little boy looking over at him. When he did, he would quickly look, in mock accusation, over the top of the copy of USA Today that’d been sitting on his seat when he entered the bus.  It had been recently serving as a partition from the other passengers on the bus as much as providing the news of the day. A sign indicating to other riders “I’m not here for the conversation”. This little boy however did not pick up on the queues and body language of the adult world, and thus, an impromptu game of peek-a-boo with a stranger ensued. It was amusing and passed the time.  When their eyes would meet, the little boy would giggle and burry his face between the seat and his mother’s shoulder. This exchange occured about a half dozen times during the trip. Once, the boys mother looked across the isle to see what was going on. She gave a smile and a nod, eyebrows lifted to convey “is this ok?”. It was, and in receiving a nod in return, went back to other thoughts, or maybe none at all.

As the driver applied the breaks three young men in bellhop uniforms began gathering polished brass luggage carts and moving toward the shuttle while another behind a counter, in a similar uniform except without a cap, continued to speak to thier backs.  When the carts moved from the faux marble tile of the hotel entry to the faux cobble stones of the drop off loop, the front wheels struck the uneven stones and popped the cart up onto the center wheel in such a way that he could almost hear the c_lunk, chuckle chuckle_ in his mind, although with the shuttle windows and doors still closed, it was inaudible.  Inside the cabin of the shuttle, the riders shook off the road hypnosis and began gathering suitcases and stowing electronics. An old couple in the front of the bus resumed bickering that had subsided once the bus had gotten under way and the husband could be heard snoring.

"George," she said "be careful getting those down.  The boys' gifts are in that one." She gestured to a suitcase with a floral print.  George pulled it down out of the overhead rack.  He couldnt quite manage the weight as well as he'd thought and it thudded to the floor. After a click and a sigh, the wife muttered "I don't know why I waste my breath."

"_I_ don't know why \_you \_needed to pack everything in the condo, Ellen." George responded as he hefted down two more suitcases.  "This isn't the wilds of Africa.  They have CVS here."

"You wouldn't have load and unload the bags if you would have let Micheal pick us up."  Ellen responded.

This seemed to have struck a nerve as George turned to face her with his eyebrows askew, "If we'd let your son pick us up, I'd still be sitting in the terminal on my second $9 cup of coffee watching you check your phone every ten seconds and listening to you ask me if I think everythings okay.... again...".  Just then the side panel door of the shuttle opened and the tallest of the 3 bell hops was leaning his capped head into the shuttle, one hand still grasping his luggage carts brass bar either to balance himself or to keep the cart from rolling away.

"Can I help you with that sir?" the bell hop called in to a man in a navy blue suit.The man's tie was loosened and slightly skewed left.  If he'd had a rumpled hat he would have been a ringer for a comic strip drunkard.  Maybe "Hic, Hic" floating up above his head in a word bubble.

"Yes, Thanks." the man in the suit responded, clearly not drunk at all.  He gestured toward a non-descript, black, rolling suitcase.  It had a neon-green luggage tag with _L.Stevens_ written on the slip of lined paper inside.  The bellhop put one foot on the edge of the bus and reached in further to grasp the handle of Mr. Stevens' suitcase.  He could see the name _Kenneth \_etched_ \_in white lettering on the metalic copper colored name tag pinned to his burgundy colored jacket.  The tags copper was matched by the buttons and accent trim on the square shouldered jacket of Kenneth's bellhop uniform.

Duffle over his shoulder he stood, and gathered his suitcase. He had tucked the copy of USA Today under his left arm when he’d stood up. He placed his right hand on it with the intention of replacing it to the seat where he’d found it for the next traveler, but as his fingertips touched the paper and felt the fibers, he looked around the bus one more time.

The mother and little boy were making their way down the isle, they all shared one more smile and nod. He noticed that she had dark brown hair, nearly black, but not quite. Her features were broad with the exception of her lips which seemed thin in comparsion. Pretty wouldn’t be quite the right word, but she was attractive. She had a small beauty mark just under her left ear that he could see because on that side she’d brushed her hair behind her ear with her fingers.

Looking down toward the front of the van he saw the driver in the circular rear view mirror. His skin was a deep rich brown. So dark, it was hard to see any lines at all, although when he called out “Everything ok sir?” his voice sounded like that of an older man. He could see he drivers eyes looking at him in the mirror. They looked larger set in that thin, dark, face, and they had an almost yellow tint. The driver’s brow was slightly furrowed as he assessed if there was something amiss on his bus.

“Yes sir.” Came the reply, “For just a second, I had the feeling I’d forgotten something. You know how it is when you travel?”

“Unfortunitly, I don’t do a lot of traveling on a shuttle driver’s wages, but must hear that from 10 people a week just before they get off this bus, so I suppose it must be something that happens a lot.”

“It does to me. Hey,...”  he continued, "do you mind if I take this?" he said gesturing to the newspaper under his arm, his fingers still lightly clasping the the folded over pages.

"Go right ahead." the driver replied "They throw in a bundle of 10 every morning.  The ones left I got to clean out at the end of the day anyway, so be my guest."

He removed his fingers from the news paper and left it tucked under his arm as he walked past the driver and out into the clamor of motors and cab horns tooting, and bags hitting pavement, and guests conversing,  and staff calling across the space to one another,  and out above it all, from speakers nestled into the ceiling of the  a jazz trumpet blared from the ceiling of the porte cochere.  The bellhops had, by this time, begun unloading the rear luggage compartment of the remaining suitcases that were too large to be put overhead in the seating compartment.  They were lining up the mostly similar suitcases along the curb by the side of the shuttle.

Picking his way across the entry way toward the entry apron that opened up like a funnel from the large revolving door, he noticed  on either side of the revolving door, there was a large sliding door that was activated by pressing a palm sized button emblazoned with the handicap symbol.  There was a doorman on each side. Each dressed in a uniform similar to the bellhops, but with a heavier over coat with square shoulders.  They were there to press the big button that worked the door as guest approached.  He opted to use the revolving door in the center and made his way into the lobby.

The main focal point of the lobby was a glass and mirror sculpture that when the lighting from above struck it, danced and was supposed to give the impression of a silent fountain.  It was large and busy and didn't quite pull-off the effect.  Around the sculpture were positioned a half a white leather benches where guest could sit and comtemplate the imperfect sculpture.  Most guests seemed to be sitting with their backs to it, instead looking out at the perimeter. Along the perimeter of the large oval lobby were an assortment of service counters, seating alcoves, a cavernous hotel store / gift shop, an upscale travel boutique complete with a display widow featuring high-end luggage and chrome featureless mannequens  wearing overcoats and wool hats. Directly opposite the main entry, across the lobby was a large curved stairway that led up to a mezzanine level that seemed to be where the restuarants, bars and ballrooms were located.  Just beyond the foot of the stairway and partially obscured, was a bank of elevators, which was visibly mirrored on the floor above and presumeably continued up to every floor of the hotel tower.

He made his way across the busy lobby to the gift shop / hotel store.  Half way across the lobby he casually set the copy of USA Today that he'd taken from the bus down one of the small square tables that abutted the benches that surrounded the central sculpture. Along with all of the normal convience store items, the hotel store was chock-full of Bears and Bulls merchandise.  He imagined many a parent grabbing a Bears bear for the kids before heading back to the airport.  Just inside the doorway opening were a set of metal basket bins containing several of Chicago's most popular news papers, as well as USA Today, The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal.  He reached down and grabbed a Tribune off the top of the stack and walked over to the counter.  The counter was cluttered with different items such as gum, mints, energy shots, People Magazine, and a beavy of other impulse purchase bait.  As he took it all in he decided that there was a deliberate effort being made to capture a street news stand or maybe a neighborhood corner store kind of experience.  He placed the paper up on the counter.  A middle aged woman with skin the color of carmel apples fixed her gaze on him and said "Will that be all for you sir?". 

"And this." he replied taking a pack of wrigley's spearmint gum off of the counter rack and placing it down. She smiled and brought the bar codes on each item across the scanner mounted in a stand on the side of the cash register.

"That's $2.38." she said.  He nodded, reached into his pocket and produced 3 dollar bills. The took the bills from his hand and pressed a button on the register which caused the cash drawer to pop open with a _ping! _She placed his bills in and counted out the change, finally dropping it into his cupped hand.  

"Thank you" he said.

"My pleasure sir. Enjoy your stay." she said with a smile

He folded the paper and slid it into the outer compartment of his bag, and dropped the gum into his hip pocket.  He walked out of the hotel store and around the lobby, under the stairs and past the elevators to the check in desk where he entered a queue currently occupied by a couple of other groups of hotel guests.  A young couple, an older man in a suit, to women that looked to be in thier 60's or so.  He entered the queue behind the two women. 



